following program is a paid
advertisement for time free demonstrate
from the collects corporation the
information of pains Express here under
solo those of the colon X corporation or
not the opinions of this network its
affiliates management subsidiary
shareholders or employees never have
time to go to the dentist are you tired
of long painful checkups stop letting
slow-moving dinosaurs work on your teeth
and get with the 21st century hi my name
is Joan smile splits and hofferman does
this always happen to you you go to the
dentist and the dentist tells you this
won't take very long at all it'll be
over before you know it you'll be in and
out before you know it you'll be in and
out before you know it but then you wait
and wait and wait and all the while
thinking why is she dancing like that
what is taking so long
this noise I'm out of here
and then I woke up I looked at the clock
and I couldn't believe it it had been
only 10 minutes and then I woke up and I
looked at the clock and I couldn't
believe my eyes it had only been like 10
minutes I don't understand how did they
do that I've been coming here for years
not only do they guarantee their work
but they always finished before you can
even say thank you five minutes that's
it I thought they were lying I'm telling
you I didn't believe it at first but now
I can honestly say that time free
dentistry technology is the real deal to
be honest I don't need to go the dentist
very often cuz uh
check out this smile
that's what I'm talking about all the
ladies love it when I first started
coming here I had this overwhelming
feeling like I had been here before it
was almost like the staff already knew
who I was
you know I could taste our food all the
time I mean I will go to these places
and it's like I've been there before
like well to be honest it's not like I
actually need to go to the dentist very
often I mean come on look at this smile
I believe that beautiful white teeth are
the thing to be get some lemon juice
scrub your teeth granted your gums will
be hurt but your teeth will be shiny
white so do you like I don't need I
don't need to go I just come for the
honeys you know I'm saying any of the
masks on and all mmm just want to see
what's underneath that see the whole
grill nervous about what might happen
does going to the dental scare the
out of you
those that dentists always just hit the
spot where you know it was hard you know
I sometimes get mistaken for other
people sometimes like celebrity is like
I get going with Paltrow and Cate
Blanchett sometimes and you know I don't
know it's really flattering you know but
I think just answer the question oh okay
well yeah I like it here Wow I take care
of my teeth i floss every day three
times a day hey that's really important
you have to floss I always have to loss
loss loss loss and I do go to my
favorite dentist which is here time free
dentistry I come here about oh you know
they recommend every six months but I
actually like to come about every two
months they clean my teeth they do that
little that little white thing on your
teeth makes them really look bright I
love that
so those things all contribute and milk
you should always drink milk this may
sound funny to you but I'm looking for a
new flavored dental floss I know that
sounds absurd but I'm obsessed with it
others Oh mint is my number one go-to I
like the fruit flavors strawberry
blueberry hmm I don't even have to eat
the fruit I can just floss and feel like
I'm eating oh it's off the hook
it's insane like Broz everywhere we're
like pound in 40's and like - chick no
three chicks at the same time what do
you think I got this from and then I got
it stitched in did it hurt oh it hurt
her
do you drink anything else besides milk
well occasionally let's say occasionally
now very often just you know
occasionally are you an alcoholic
well what how do you define an alcohol
like I mean I don't I don't think so
well um I have a I have some friends
that have mentioned that to me but I
don't I don't you know I'm a social
drinker so that I'm not an alcoholic I
just I'm a social drinker
would you like a drink down yes yes I
would
wine give white wine like what kind of
because I like you know Riesling and
Chardonnay and yes why yes some fine-ass
booty you back oh maybe background in
hey
we always strive for excellence and even
though we're new some of us have been
practicing time free dentistry longer
than we can remember yes we may charge a
little more but as they say time is
money and if that's the case our visits
cost you almost nothing hear it for
yourself from some of our most loyal
customers call now or click on the link
below to schedule your appointment with
time free dentistry after all life is
shorter than you think